{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green110\blue183;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww19440\viewh16600\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Projekt Webseite:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mstarke/MacPass"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 MacPass}}
\b0 \

\b \
Lizenz:\

\b0 MacPass KeePass compatible client for OS X\
Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Michael Starke, HicknHack Software GmbH\
  \
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\
\
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gnu.org/licenses/}}.\
\

\b Credits:\
\

\b0 Franz\'f6sische \'dcbersetzung von {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:gil@panix.com"}}{\fldrslt Gil Andr\'e9}}\
\
Chinesisch von {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:patchao2000@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt Zhao Peng}}\
\
MacPass Icon von {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://iiro.jappinen.me"}}{\fldrslt Iiro J\'e4ppinen}}
\b \

\b0 \
Database Icons  von {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/JoannaOlsen"}}{\fldrslt Joanna Olsen}}\

\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/robbiehanson/KissXML"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 KissXML}}
\b0 \cf3 \
Copyright \'a9 2012 Robbie Hanson. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
	\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MiniKeePass/MiniKeePass"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 MiniKeePass}}\
Copyright \'a9 2011 Jason Rush und John Flanagan. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
	\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mpowrie/KeePassLib"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 KeePass Database Library}}\
Copyright \'a9 2010 Qiang Yu. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Perspx/PXSourceList"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 PXSourceList}}\
Copyright \'a9 2011, Alex Rozanski. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaHTTPServer"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 CocoaHTTPServer}}\
Copyright \'a9 2011, Deusty, LLC. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sparkle.andymatuschak.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Sparkl\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
e}}\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
Copyright \'a9 2006 Andy Matuschak. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11386876/how-to-encode-and-decode-files-as-base64-in-cocoa-objective-c"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Base64 Encoding Category}}\
Copyright \'a92013, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/users/200321/denis2342"}}{\fldrslt denis2342}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cocoadev.com/index.pl?NSDataCategory"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 NSData+Gzip}}\
Basierend auf dem Code im CocoaDev Wiki\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/karelia/SecurityInterface"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 KSPasswordField}}\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Quelltext wird in HNHUIRoundedSecureTextField verwendet\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Copyright \'a92012 Mike Abdullah, Karelia Software. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/aqtoolkit"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 NSData+CommonCrypto}}\
Copyright \'a92008-2009 Jim Dovey, Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mattt/TransformerKit"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 TransformerKit}}\
Copyright \'a92012 Mattt Thompson. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.}